CAST-29739 - Incorrectly tagged zeromq image causes secret generation to fail (#1502)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/prepare_site_init.md

    linux# /mnt/pitdata/${CSM_RELEASE}/hack/load-container-image.sh dtr.dev.cray.com/zeromq/zeromq:v4.0.5
    ```

>     **IMPORTANT** CSM 1.0.11 shipped a version of `shasta-cfg` that requires a different image tag for the `zeromq` image. If installing this release, see [Incorrectly Tagged `zeromq` Image](../troubleshooting/known_issues/incorrectly_tagged_zeromq_image.md) for instructions on re-tagging the image before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **IMPORTANT:** CSM 1.0.11 shipped a version of `shasta-cfg` that requires a different image tag for the `zeromq` image. If installing this release, see [Incorrectly Tagged `zeromq` Image](../troubleshooting/known_issues/incorrectly_tagged_zeromq_image.md) for instructions on re-tagging the image before proceeding.
```

>     **`IMPORTANT`** CSM 1.0.11 shipped a version of `shasta-cfg` that requires a diffent image tag for the `zeromq` image. If installing this release please see [incorrectly_tagged_zeromq_image.md](../troubleshooting/known_issues/incorrectly_tagged_zeromq_image.md) for instructions on re-tagging the image before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **IMPORTANT** CSM 1.0.11 shipped a version of `shasta-cfg` that requires a different image tag for the `zeromq` image. If installing this release, see [Incorrectly Tagged `zeromq` Image](../troubleshooting/known_issues/incorrectly_tagged_zeromq_image.md) for instructions on re-tagging the image before proceeding.
```
